{"filter":false,"title":"README.md","tooltip":"/README.md","undoManager":{"mark":12,"position":12,"stack":[[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":40,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["# Holiday Planning"," ","It is a holiday destination planner web page which uses Google Maps API.","Deciding where to go on holiday is not always an easy choice. Everybody needs to plan their holidays, decide on where to stay and decide on what to do while there. All this can be done on this easy to use web page. After the user enters their city of choice, the city map displays at the bottom of the page. There are three further options to highlight them that show  where to stay (accommodation), the Pubs and Restaurants, and other Tourist Attractions. A user has the ability to switch from city to city within seconds and view the different hotels, bars, restaurants, attractions of the city. It's extremely straight forward and easy to use.  Too often when someone goes on holiday they select a hotel in a random location and don't really always have an idea of how far it is from the best tourist attractions or the ones that user would like to visit. The user gets a visual display of the tourist attractions on the map, allowing them to narrow down the area where they would like to stay, within a few seconds they can see on the map the hotels in this area. ",""," ","### UX","The webpage layout is very clear and objective.","Towards the top of the page the user is asked which destination they would like to go to, they can clearly see there is an autocomplete function in the middle of their screen below this, so not only is it an easy to use website, the customer can see this for themselves immediately after viewing it, giving them the necessary good first impression. Upon seeing this, along with the large map at the bottom of the page it is obvious to any user that this field brings up the map with the city they have selected.","The options for Accomadation, Bars/Restaurants, Tourist Attractions are all separately conveniently highlighted in different colors, it is clear that they can view each one of these separately on the map directly below. ","Its extremely concise but also the user knows that there is a wealth of information that they can tap into.  ","There is also a User Stories available to the customer. "," ","### Features","It's obviously very straightforward and I have touched on the features above. A key feature is the field box where the user types in their city of choice and this city displays on the map.  The autocomplete function features in this section too, which prompt the user of the city and the country they are searching for.  Another great feature is the population of places to stay, bars/restaurants, tourist attractions on the map when you respectively click on their respective buttons on the web page. By hovering over each place of interest pinpointed on the map, the specific details of that hotel/bar/restaurant/attraction appear. There is also a Start Over feature which basically just erases they current search. ",""," ","### Future plans include:","Display the average costs per city per day.","Display more Touristic Attractions.","Breakdown the tourist attractions into further categories for example museums, landmarks, activities. Show free museums. ","Breakdown the bars to indicate which are the late bars and display discos. ","The cost of hotels could be color coded on the map. "," ","### Testing","All features of the website have been vigorously tested and everything is in order.","Checked that the autocomplete function is working by selecting numerous random cities. The maps of these cities all appear, and the key locations within each city populates. ","The web page is responsive and adapts to different devices and different sizes of the devices.","The xxx validator coding was used."," ","### Deployment","The web page was deployed using Github and the link to the website is: xxxx","?????"," ","### Credits","Contents:","I accessed: https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/examples/places-autocomplete-hotelsearch"," ","### Acknowledgements:","I would like to thank my very capable and helpful mentor for all his effort in helping me with the site. ",""],"id":1}],[{"start":{"row":3,"column":407},"end":{"row":3,"column":408},"action":"remove","lines":["s"],"id":2}],[{"start":{"row":3,"column":406},"end":{"row":3,"column":407},"action":"remove","lines":["b"],"id":3},{"start":{"row":3,"column":405},"end":{"row":3,"column":406},"action":"remove","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":3,"column":404},"end":{"row":3,"column":405},"action":"remove","lines":["P"]}],[{"start":{"row":3,"column":404},"end":{"row":3,"column":405},"action":"insert","lines":["B"],"id":4},{"start":{"row":3,"column":405},"end":{"row":3,"column":406},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":3,"column":406},"end":{"row":3,"column":407},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":3,"column":407},"end":{"row":3,"column":408},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":20,"column":101},"end":{"row":20,"column":121},"action":"remove","lines":[" Show free museums. "],"id":5}],[{"start":{"row":28,"column":6},"end":{"row":28,"column":7},"action":"remove","lines":["x"],"id":6},{"start":{"row":28,"column":5},"end":{"row":28,"column":6},"action":"remove","lines":["x"]},{"start":{"row":28,"column":4},"end":{"row":28,"column":5},"action":"remove","lines":["x"]}],[{"start":{"row":28,"column":4},"end":{"row":28,"column":18},"action":"insert","lines":["www.jshint.com"],"id":7}],[{"start":{"row":31,"column":74},"end":{"row":31,"column":75},"action":"remove","lines":["x"],"id":8},{"start":{"row":31,"column":73},"end":{"row":31,"column":74},"action":"remove","lines":["x"]},{"start":{"row":31,"column":72},"end":{"row":31,"column":73},"action":"remove","lines":["x"]},{"start":{"row":31,"column":71},"end":{"row":31,"column":72},"action":"remove","lines":["x"]}],[{"start":{"row":31,"column":71},"end":{"row":31,"column":124},"action":"insert","lines":["http://apiproject.s3-website-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/"],"id":9}],[{"start":{"row":31,"column":124},"end":{"row":31,"column":125},"action":"insert","lines":["."],"id":10}],[{"start":{"row":31,"column":125},"end":{"row":31,"column":126},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":11}],[{"start":{"row":31,"column":125},"end":{"row":31,"column":126},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":12}],[{"start":{"row":32,"column":0},"end":{"row":32,"column":5},"action":"remove","lines":["?????"],"id":13}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":303.3333435058594,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":33,"column":1},"end":{"row":33,"column":1},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":{"row":19,"state":"start","mode":"ace/mode/markdown"}},"timestamp":1563038326217,"hash":"9beeff0da1e0d907b196a1ebcb1440d625bb4087"}